what is good YouTube welcome back to
another video today we have a very very
special speaker you've probably read the
title of this video and was like I've
never heard of that before that's
because the sneaker I have today is an
unreleased concept collaboration with
Nike SB well alright but before I
continue with the story let's go ahead
and bring these healthy BOTS as you guys
can see you have that very nice shining
shimmering Nike SB premium box and on
your box details Nike Dunk high premium
SB official colorway this gym red black
and white that is all honestly there are
way more colors than that open the box
and you have that very iconic SB paper
take them out of the box and here they
are super loud very different eye
catching speakers all right but before I
give you guys the full review of this
sneaker I'm gonna let you guys know the
crazy story on how I was able to get
this before anyone else alright so one
of my teammate in my soccer team opens
up a skate shop out here in these
Philippines just a couple days ago he
told me to check out in his shop and he
showed me a lineup of the sneakers that
they had in store what a sneaker that
caught my eye were these 19 SVT elk
hides I remember two months ago I did
see photos of these on sneaker news
kicks on fire and all those dope sneaker
sights I checked out those websites
again to see an update on these sneakers
and it just so happened that these were
just never given a release day so I
ended up picking up the sneaker took
them Holmes took nice photos for
Instagram and posted it hashtag Nike SB
blah blah blah and that very same night
I was featured tuna you make me espy
Instagram pages and my boy that opened
up the sneaker shop hit me up and was
like bro he told me that Nike
Philippines contacted him and told him
that they weren't allowed to release
these yet because it did not have me
release date so he told me that I had to
untag his store so what they ended up
doing is taking it out of their shop and
putting it off of their website so
apparently I am the only person in these
Philippines who owns a pair but with all
that being said let's go ahead and get
into the sneaker now they are dubbing
these as the Nike SB stained glass this
is a collaboration sneaker with Nike SB
and the concept if you guys don't know
concepts by now it is a shock now in
Boston they do a lot of collaborations
with sneakers Nike Nike SB all these
other sneaker brands so the whole theme
of this sneaker are stained glass the
stained glass that you see on churches
and big holy places the whole entire
cover is made out of this shiny or
rubbery I'm not too sure on the material
I've never seen this material before on
a sneaker but it definitely has that
glossy look the whole offer is of that
stained glass graphics design you have a
complete different print on the left
shoe then you have on the right shoe
your Nike swoosh on the speaker will be
in black patent leather a really cool
feature that they did add on these
speaker are the cool clear straps I'm
guessing that the clear straps are
supposed to resemble a clear window or
window glass I don't know you have your
iconic Nike SB laces these did come with
two extra laces color white and color
red now let's get into the heel very
cool graphics that they did add you have
your stitching on the back and your tool
tab will be in
as well we are also given that mesh
tongue and on the tongue it has 9 TST
concepts on the d-pad these are very
wild very out-there very loud sneakers
you guys know I love loud sneakers I
can't wait to put these on so let's
check them out on feet
and there you have it I hope you guys
enjoy the on feed portion of this video
in terms of sizing I would definitely go
off half a size Nike SB czar very known
for their extra padding because they are
skateboarding shoes let me know how you
guys feel about these I know these shoes
are for everybody they're very loud a
lot of colors but then again you guys
already know I love those kind of
sneakers let me know down below how you
guys feel about this if you guys are
willing to scoop these up that pretty
much does it for my video if you guys
want to keep chopping it up with me
you guys can always find me on snapchat
Instagram and Twitter all under Alcala
Flygon and if you guys didn't enjoy this
video the best way of letting me know is
getting that thumbs up button down below
and if you haven't already please do
subscribe I thank you guys for watching
till next time peace Wow Filipino baby
grew up with the Hispanics hung around
the black started talking with the
accent my shirt got bigger my pants